Updated on : 14 May, 2018


A. GDPR on EU Area 
 In accordance with GDPR, which apply from 25th May 2018, we, 111% (111percent Inc.)  set our duty on data controller and data processor. Data controllers decide the "purposes" and "means" of any processing of personal data. Similar to what's already in place for data protection law today, data controllers will have to adopt compliance measures to cover how data is collected, what it is being used for, how long it is being retained for and ensure that people have a right to access the data held about them. Data processors handle personal data on behalf of a data controller. Certain obligations now apply directly to data processors, and controllers must bind them to certain contractual commitments to ensure that data is processed safely and legally. 
a. Transparency
 Our privacy policy will contain which data we are collecting and how to use it. We will also notice you that how to consent on this privacy or not to consent on this privacy.
b. Control
 We will keep noticing you about How your data will be used. We will make All your data will be under your control. We will provide how to control your data.
c. Accountability
 We are accountable for data collecting and processing. We do keep meeting with privacy experts from around the world in accordance with data regulation.

 We regard your information significant and release this Privacy Statement to inform you what information we collect and how we use it to personalize and continually improve your experience.

B. Information We Collect 
a. Personal Information. 
 We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device. 
b. Non-personal Information. 
 We collect your non-personal information when you visit our website or using our mobile service, including your device information and access logs. For example, we may use to obtain the above information when you access 111percent.net. or our mobile app services. 
c. Information you provide. 
 We may collect your information which you give to us for support your problem via official contact mail or SNS.

C. How We Use Information 
a. Personal Information. 
 We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
b. Non-Personal Information. 
 We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
 “Device information” includes Device platform, country and UUID. We collect your device information for personalized rewards and contents.
 “Access logs” includes the number of access time and custom events like achievement. We calculate our service retention and quality based on Access logs.
c. Legal Reasons 
 We will access, use or disclose your information with other organizations or entities for reasons that required by any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues; protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of 11percent, our users or the public as required or permitted by law. 

D. Dispose Non-personal information 
 The non-personal information is automatically destroyed when you do not access our website or our services for 6 months. Once the data is disposed, it cannot be restored. 
In the meantime, If you want to delete your data, please send your information below to contact@111percent.net. 
a.   Device UUID

E. Consent and Withdraw
a. Contractual necessity
 Once you access our new service (Mobile service), we will notice you our privacy policy through pop up. You can agree or disagree on our privacy policy. You can change the status anytime if you need to change it. 
b. How to agree on Privacy policy
Android : Google Setting - Ads - Disable opt out of interest-based ads
iOS : iOS Setting - Privacy - Advertising - Disable Limit Ad Tracking
c. How to disagree on Privacy policy
Android : Google Setting - Ads - Enable opt out of interest-based ads
iOS : iOS Setting - Privacy - Advertising - Enable Limit Ad Tracking

Important!
 Once you change the enable tracking status after you agree or disagree on our policy, we follow your OS setting.
For example, you agree on our policy and enable tracking. After you quit our game and disable tracking for other reasons, we can not give you customized rewards and contents. If needed, you can also change the status back.


F. Security 
 111percent is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. 
We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable. 

G. Sensitive Information 
 We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services, the Site or otherwise to us. 

H. Children 
 We do not provide service focus on Children. If you are under 18, you may use our website or our Service when you are with parent or guardian. All these privacy policy should be permitted with your parent or guardian.

I. Contact Us 
 If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Services or the Site, please contact us at  contact@111percent.net 

J. Changes 
 Our Privacy Policy may change which will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page and Our service which will be our game service, so please review it periodically. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, you could immediately change your UUID settings so that you can prevent us or 3rd parties from collecting your data. Your continued use of our service following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.